priming/Readme.md, before:

# Visual Character Matching Task (Chinese Traditional)

The code in this folder is a javascript experiment for a visual priming matching task. The base code is from the ALPS lab. The codes are edited by Helen Hu and Amira Ramdani as part of a course project for Neurolinguistics. 

To run the code locally, double click the *index.html* file. This should open the experiment on a local browser.

This experiment is formatted to look like the MEG experiments we run in the lab. However, this script is not intended to be run on the MEG as it contains none of the MEG commands.

# Structure

# Troubleshooting the javascript

To run the code locally, double click the *index.html* file. This should open the experiment on a local browser.

To see print statements on the browser (for macs and chrome), click *option + command + j*. To skip over sections of the experiment, enter the built in function *exp.go()* into the terminal that you just opened on the browser. The code is set up to print the output of the experiment (participant responses) on the final screen of the experiment when running the experiment locally. This will not be displayed when the expeiriment is run online.


# Running the final script

When you are ready to run the final experiment, follow these instructions:
https://sebschu.com/web-based-experiments/tutorials/

Please note that the tool used to host the output data, proliferate, may be depricated in the coming years. Future iterations should work out how to switch to:

https://pipe.jspsych.org/

Commit message:

added link to online experiment

priming/Readme.md, after:

# Visual Character Matching Task (Chinese Traditional)

The code in this folder is a javascript experiment for a visual priming matching task. The base code is from the ALPS lab. The codes are edited by Helen Hu and Amira Ramdani as part of a course project for Neurolinguistics. 

To run the code locally, double click the *index.html* file. This should open the experiment on a local browser.

The code is online via GitHub Page at: https://fh986.github.io/neuroling-course-project/priming/index.html

This experiment is formatted to look like the MEG experiments we run in the lab. However, this script is not intended to be run on the MEG as it contains none of the MEG commands.

# Structure

# Troubleshooting the javascript

To run the code locally, double click the *index.html* file. This should open the experiment on a local browser.

To see print statements on the browser (for macs and chrome), click *option + command + j*. To skip over sections of the experiment, enter the built in function *exp.go()* into the terminal that you just opened on the browser. The code is set up to print the output of the experiment (participant responses) on the final screen of the experiment when running the experiment locally. This will not be displayed when the expeiriment is run online.


# Running the final script

When you are ready to run the final experiment, follow these instructions:
https://sebschu.com/web-based-experiments/tutorials/

Please note that the tool used to host the output data, proliferate, may be depricated in the coming years. Future iterations should work out how to switch to:

https://pipe.jspsych.org/
